# csync
Command-line folder synchronizer.  Requires .NET 6.0 runtime.

CSYNC reads in a project file then goes through its folder lists to synchronize each source-target pair.

CSYNC works with MD5 hash generated by md5hash and md5hashmt.

By default, CSYNC will scan both the source and target folders to generate a tree database.  From there it will start logging the differences between source and target, using file size, file date, and file name and generate a list of delete/copy/update operations.

If a file in the source tree has MD5 attached and is renamed, CSYNC will attempt to locate a file in the target tree with matching file size, date, and MD5, then rename that instead of performing a copy/update operation.  This will save a lot of time by eliminating unnecessary file transfers.

After scanning, CSYNC will leave a [project name].scan file at the root of each source/target pair which can be used next time the program starts up to save time on scanning.  You can either remove the files to force a rescan, or use -fs and -ft to force-scan the source and targets.  Sometimes you just want to scan the source or the target.  In that case you can use the -is or -it switches.

```

cSync -p [prjpath] -l verbosity [-t -s -fs -ft -is -it -sim -res]
  verbosity: INFO, WARNING, ERROR
    -t: touch newer dest file to source timestamp
    -s: scan only, to generate scanfiles
    -fs: force source re-scan
    -ft: force target re-scan
    -is: ignore source existence
    -it: ignore target existence
    -sim: simulate only, don't actually write or delete
    -res: restore mode, restores source files from target (experimental)

```

CSYNC requires a project file, which specifies the folder pairs to operate on along with various options.  See sample project file for more details.
